We went here this past weekend with zero expectations of what we would find. What we had really blew us away: FABULOUS food, big portions, and very friendly service. The decor was lacking, but we did not even notice it once we dug into our yummy food. Everyone in our group ordered something different and all got rave reviews. I had the tofu asparagus, and the veggies were all super fresh, not overcooked and the tofu was really cooked prefectly. This will be an addition to our regular rotation of great places to eat in WS!PS - one of our friends said the food alone was worth the drive to West Seattle...and he is from Issaquah!Lots of young families . Kind of sparse &#160;decor, but I really like places that don't have clientele that spend most of their time at a restaurant posturing. The same reason I tend to stay away from whole foods,is the reason I like low key places like this. Okay price, okay portions- but very low key. Our favorite teriyaki in West Seattle! Generous portions of fresh, tasty, reasonably-priced food. The staff is super friendly, too. Seattle has a lot of great teriyaki. &#160;This spot has quality beef and nice portions with the shrimp teriyaki. All and all worth a stop by. &#160;Destination spot, no. &#160;Swing by if you are in the hood and looking for a teriyaki, you bet.Honestly, my expectations were not that high. The decor looks miserable, the restrooms are right in the middle of the dining area, and they seemed to have an identity crisis - the menu was packed with all sorts of things you'd never expect a good teriyaki restaurant to have (udon? california rolls? korean BBQ short ribs? what?). Begrudgingly, I ordered a chicken teriyaki bento box (like in the picture someone else uploaded here) to satisfy my hunger.I've eaten at dozens of teriyaki restaurants in Washington, and I will state on the record that this place is in my top 5. The chicken was juicy and properly cooked - marinated in advance instead of having the sauce glaze over during cooking like some other places.I'm not a big fan of side salads with teriyaki, it's never really felt like a proper combination of flavor/texture to me. This time around it was no different, but I actually ended up starting and finishing my salad (a rarity) and even ENJOYING it. It's weird, but the way they cut their lettuce + awesomesauce dressing = palatable salad for me.Unless you're already in the area, I wouldn't recommend dining onsite as it's somewhat drab. Most people don't anyways - in the 20 minutes I was there, at least a dozen people came through to pickup their carryout orders. This place moves their product hardcore, and for good reason.P.S. Parking in the back! This place serves the best teriyaki in West Seattle. &#160;There are two main varieties that we get in Seattle. &#160;The traditional Japanese style which is broiled, then lathered with a soy based sweet sauce or the Korean derivation, that is grilled and covered in Korean BBQ inspired teriyaki sauce.The Korean variety is what Yummy serves. &#160;The meats are moist and well marinated before grilling. &#160;You can taste the difference. &#160;The complementary salad has a garlic miso based dressing that has a smooth and buttery texture, with a kick from the garlic. &#160;It actually inspires me to eat the salad.My favorite, the Spicy Teriyaki Chicken. &#160;You can't really go wrong with the bento combos either if you are in the mood for a little variety. &#160;This is not the best I've ever had but this is the best in the area, so it's become my go-to place when I crave some good teriyaki.Ambiance - none but it is clean. &#160;Parking is available in the alley but you will have to walk thru the kitchen. &#160;Again, clean. I stopped in to get dinner to go and was disappointed in the portion size - very stingy portions.